These scripts were made to run from local host for evaluation purposes only to
compare the quality of the similarity calculation of different services.

Lucene: To run the scripts you first need to download Solr following the instructions
on the website (lucene.apache.org/solr). Create a core named "Test" using the schema 
"schema_testset.xml"-file. The file needs to be placed in de folder 
C:\solr-5.0.0\server\resources for solr to find it.
Add the data from the "Ideas_for_Mobile_Apps_TestSet_Lucene.csv"-file.
After everything is set up running the script "rank_test_results_Lucene.php" from local host 
gives you the output found in "test_results_Lucene.htm".

Dandelion: Running the script "Get_Similarity_From_Dandelion.php" sends requests to Dandelion
to do similarity checks. The credentials are connected to Miriam Doorn's account. Since you 
only get a limited amount of units you need a few days to do the entire test set. If you set 
'maximum execution time' to 10x the default in your 'php.ini'-file then the script will run 
until you're out of units for the day. The script fills half a similarity matrix in the file
"Results_Dandelion.csv". Running the script "rank_test_results_Dandelion.php" from local host 
gives you the output found in "test_results_Dandelion.htm".

RapidMiner: To use RapidMiner you need to download the RapidMiner studio from rapidminer.com.
In RapidMiner we compute the similarity of the data in the csv file using cosine similarity. 
What the process does is the following:

    Read CSV: loads and reads the csv file containing the data. Its output is connected to 
		the exa (means example set) input of the next function.
    Process Document: This is used for all kinds of text analysis. If you double click it, 
		you will see that for now it only transforms the data case to lowercase. 
		In the parameters of Process Document, you will see that the 
		"create vector space" is checked and is created using TF-IDF. The output of 
		Process Document is an example set going to the exa input of the next function.
    Data to Similarity: This is where the similarity of each data in the file is computed 
		using cosine similarity. The output "sim" outputs the similarity score and 
		"exa" is the example set. In order to export the result with the similarity 
		scores, both of those outputs must go to the corresponding inputs of the next 
		function.
    Similarity to Data: This is needed to convert the similarity scores to data so that it 
		can be written on a file. Otherwise, you can only view the results inside 
		Rapidminer. The output is an example set going to the next function.
    Write Excel: This writes the example set that it received from the previous function onto 
		an excel file. The output goes from the "thr" output to "res" (result).
    Press the play button at the top to start the process.

Running the script "rank_test_results_RapidMiner.php" from local host uses the RapidMiner output
to rank the queries producing the tables in "test_results_RapidMiner.htm".
